let me share something with you if you
don't understand something in a
relationship
maybe try asking the other person
i have never tried that once ever and
therein lies i think a major
piece of social conditioning that you
probably never saw at home
there we go yeah of course man happy we
could help what's what's been going on
oh a lot um
i can honestly probably say the the past
three days have
most likely been the worst days of my
content creating
career i guess ever and uh it combined
with things from my personal life as
well stacking up at like inopportune
times it's been uh
it's been pretty damn rough and um
that's what seems to happen yeah and
then
yeah and then the worst thing that
happened is like this is the one time
where like i finally thought that like
okay i'm good like okay we're all good
this isn't gonna happen this time and
then
it happened it happened again even
though like i i tried
so hard to like like i thought i was
good i thought i was i was chill and
then all of a sudden
uh an unexpected conduit that caused
negative
emotions in mass happened again which
caused
situations that i wasn't for seeing
which is very unfortunate
uh yeah i'm losing you a little bit in
the abstractness so let's take a step
back
yeah sure yeah of course um so so okay
can that can you
start by just telling me what you go by
or what you want me to call you today
yeah i would love for you just to call
me john okay so
uh john so just so you know i i
understand
that our team was quite responsive to
you which is fantastic i'm really happy
to hear that they
you know um but i don't know anything
so like i have no idea and that's that's
actually how i
prefer to have it so i try not to be
like biased by like things that get
posted and anything like that
so i come into these completely blind
sometimes it's confusing for people
um especially the audience if they know
like if there's some kind of drama going
on but like i try to be blind to the
drama and like i don't pay attention to
it i stay off of
social media and stuff like that you
know i read reddit um just for fun
but yeah and i i really appreciate that
because i i need a non-biased
individual like yourself alok like so
badly because sure
it's it's hard to know like
sorry it's it's really hard to know
whether i'm the problem or not because
it keeps happening
and it's happened so many times
that i don't know when it's going to
stop
because it just keeps happening over and
over again and pretty much pretty much
what's happening
is that um i just keep pissing people
off and like i keep on hurting people
who i really care about and
i've pretty much lost every single
person that i've ever been close with uh
for longer than like two years besides
my best friend edric and my wife frame
okay i only really connect with one
member of my family anymore
i'm not gonna lie i've had a pretty
pretty bad experience with that
uh but it's just it's so hard to know
like
i mean you got to understand from and
i'm sure you do understand from my
perspective
is that i'm always the common
denominator
and so eventually i'm gonna assume well
it's probably me it's it was probably me
so it's just trying to determine that
okay which drugs
uh john can i just think for a second
of course yep of course so i'm trying to
figure out how to phrase this so
you know when you use phrases like i'm
the whether i'm the problem or i'm the
common denominator there can
it's a really tricky place to be because
there can be a lot of blame with that
right and the tricky thing here is that
if if you are responsible
then you actually have the power to
change it because it's like
in your wheelhouse does that make sense
right a hundred percent yes
the the challenge is that if you're not
responsible then you may not have the
power to change it so it's sort of like
a double-edged sword either way
so either you aren't quote-unquote the
problem
in which case you're just kind of like
unlucky and you may not be able to do
anything about it
because at the end of the day the only
thing you can control is yourself
right right and if you are quote-unquote
the problem
the challenge is that in my experience
that comes with a lot of blame
but it also comes with a lot of power
so what i i mean already i have no idea
what we're talking about but my first
thought here is like
what i want you to understand is that if
we're talking about interpersonal
relationships here
a lot of our our problems and
interpersonal relationships
do have we do have an element like we're
at least 50
right or at most 50 depending on how you
want to look at it and what i've seen in
people who
sus like continually have the same
problem in relationships
is that they do have some kind of
contribution but i know it sounds kind
of weird but that contribution may not
be
your fault even though it's your
contribution which i know sounds like
this this needs to be disentangled
but like so i'll just give you an
example you know if your parents
grew up in a particular way and there
was a certain like
husband-wife dynamic that you
internalized and
got socially conditioned to be
acceptable
and then like you take that programming
into all of your relationships and then
you wind up getting like
divorced twice in a sense you're
responsible for it but in a sense like
you didn't really know
better right yeah so i think it's like
it's important to be careful about like
responsibility and blame
and and already my sense i don't i don't
really know anything so this could be
like completely off base here
but my thought is how you know the goal
already i have a goal in my mind which
is to try to understand your
interpersonal dynamics
raise awareness as to what you do that
could impact those
and i know it sounds kind of weird but
we have to like really be careful about
non-judgment there
and then we have to understand like what
drives you to
engage in relationships the way that you
do
yes okay so it's not like does that sort
of make sense so it's gonna be like a
tricky tight rope to walk
uh to to sort of become aware of what
the problem is and like work on changing
it
without like self-flagellating yourself
and like thinking that you're a pos and
like things like that for like doing
that so far
like what's happened in the past has
happened in the past and you know we can
you can apologize for it you can try to
make up for it all those things are
healthy but at the same time
like self-blame doesn't really help very
much
um and so what i'm gonna what we may do
is like hold you
accountable and hold you responsible for
your actions
but we also want to do that like with
compassion
yes okay okay so tell me what are we
talking about john
uh we'll see i have this mentality where
i don't know if this is good or not
but like i i have been is it okay if i
cuss
yeah i think so okay i've been [ __ ]
so many goddamn times um by the people
who i've trusted the most like
i'm i'm underneath the mentality now
where like
i would rather like i i don't believe in
turning a new leaf for the majority of
people like everybody who's ever [ __ ]
me if i ever gave them another chance
they turned around and [ __ ] me again
uh so like for example like the reason
why me and my family don't have that
good of a relationship is because
uh i never knew when my parents were
together because they were divorced
before i was born
um and so my mom and dad they went their
separate ways
my mom had a new boyfriend every week
and my dad currently is on a seventh
divorce right now
so like i don't know yeah i don't know
what a good relationship looks like from
a family standpoint
um my sister when my house burned down
um my sister came out she my sister's
been in jail more times than she's been
out of jail
since she was like 14 so she went to
juby and all that stuff
so my house burnt down when both my
brothers were deployed and she was
supposed to take care of me but instead
what she did was
she came to my house took all of my
money that i had to survive until my dad
came out of prison
and then left me alone so then i had to
live and find somebody else to stay with
during that time period so i got [ __ ]
by her
and i already knew she was going to [ __ ]
him because of some other things that
happened in the past
uh my brother
ben is very very very aggro um and he
just scares the [ __ ] out of me and he's
made me lose a lot of friends so i i
don't think he was good for my life but
my brother mike is a massive inspiration
um he's he's one of the people who i
look up to most in life and uh
he was around me more than my dad when i
was a kid
so i used to call him dad because i
didn't actually uh
i that's what i thought so he's
he's like my rock like he's a person i
can always go back to
and then i have my uh my aunt and my
uncle bruce
who were like the first people in my
family to ever talk to me like i was an
adult and not just because i'm the
youngest in my family so everybody
talked to me like i was a kid
like i was a baby like i was wasting my
life but uh they were the first people
to ever talk to me like uh
i was like i was an actual adult like i
actually wasn't a complete absolute
idiot
because uh pretty much i was always told
everything that i did which was
i'm not gonna lie i was a kid the only
thing i enjoyed was playing world of
warcraft and league of legends
uh and so that's all i did i just played
video games and i always knew i wanted
to be a content creator and i always
knew it i always knew i could do it
um and uh that's all i did i was always
thought i was wasting my time and all
that jazz i was always trying to be
forced into sports
um but i don't give a [ __ ] about sports
i hate sports i think they're boring i'd
rather just watch anime about sports
because that's more
that's more interesting than me um
so i want to become a content creator so
i went to college for theater
um and i did professional theater for
about a year and a half and then after
that i did professional wrestling for
about two years
i got injured um and then i went back
into college to do
interactive media and 3d design i got a
course in video game theory that made me
do a video essay on banjo and kazooie
um and then i was like wow i just made
my first
youtube video and i was like why am i
not doing this all the time this is the
best thing ever
and so then i dropped out of college and
i've been doing that ever since and then
things have been going great ever since
uh so that's that's kind of where i'm at
with my family and then uh
my buddies i i guess
it's really hard to know
boundaries that have never been said
like so for example beautiful
yeah yeah like i don't know
how to not cross somebody's boundaries
if they never told me them
and the first time i lost my virginity
which was when i was 18
i didn't know that my buddy was in love
with the girl who i lost my virginity to
and so you'd think is we had like an
eight-year-long friendship
you'd think that we'd be good but
instead oh well you had sex with that
girl and i
didn't even enjoy it it sucked um well
you had sex with her so
now we're gone forever and that that was
the first time i was really ever heard
because i was like first of all i didn't
even want to do it
two it was her who came to me and i was
just like okay well now i can stop being
called a virgin and that'll be awesome
because good lord that [ __ ] haunted me
for so long
uh and so my other buddy
um his girlfriend told me that i was too
passive aggressive
get this i'm literally not even kidding
for some reason i'm called passive
aggressive
constantly like constantly and the
reason why i was called passive
aggressive
is because i used the the kitty face
emoji when i would talk to her because i
use that for everybody i
i think um emojis or emotes
are required to to fully encapsulate
human speech over text because if i send
you a message saying i'm fine period
you're gonna think that i'm pissed but
then if i said i'm fine
with like a happy face then you know oh
okay well you're actually fine like i
don't like
leaving room to let people intuit what
i'm saying
so i like using emojis in order to fill
that gap but then i was called
condescending and passive aggressive uh
and so
she said it's either me or him and then
he chose her
so i lost him as well uh another
eight-year-long friendship that is
pretty much
down the trend and it just keeps going
on like that where i just i just keep
losing people and i i keep on getting
called things that i don't understand
because
i'm a guy who does a lot of meditation i
do a lot of self-reflecting
and yet in my mind there's no way that
people could ever get to these uh i
guess conclusions that they're getting
to
yeah they seem to get to them regardless
and i don't know how to stop them
okay so just just to clarify a couple
things so it seems like multiple people
have told you that you are passive
aggressive
is that fair yes yes okay
um all right john i'm gonna need another
second to process is that cool
it gave me a lot love it i love it i'm
just gonna try to organize and try to
figure out how to help you okay
sure
okay so here's here's the general
direction i'm feeling like we should go
first
and that's i i love the way that you
said you know i don't know how to
respect boundaries that were not taught
to me
so i'm noticing you know that given your
home
situation there's a lot of like social
behavior
which we like internalize and are
conditioned to when we see healthy
relationships
so like you know if you think about like
how a child learns language
right like everyone around them is like
talking that language so they learn the
language and it feels supernatural to
them
so there's also a language of healthy
relationships
right so like our brain learns all kinds
of stuff we learn like mannerisms
right so my kids like sigh in the way
that i
sigh they'll be like
you know like like when when they like
when they don't get the card that they
wanted and go
fish they'll have like this subconscious
kind of like
behavioral response they also have ways
that they like relate to each other and
things like that so for example like
sometimes they come into the office
and like they're they know they're not
supposed to come into the office but
i'll say like hey do you remember you're
not supposed to come into the office
and then i'll i'll listen to why they
came in and then i'll like send them out
and so like if you think about it like
you know different parents may respond
to their kids in different ways like if
they violate the boundary
do they get punished do they get
reminded of the boundary do i like
you know evaluate them so i try to like
i try to evaluate them when they come in
and be like is this emergency because
i want them to come in if it's an
emergency and and so there's just a lot
of stuff that like hopefully my kids are
learning and i think they have because
they do this with other humans now too
where they like you know understand
boundaries a lot and they understand
like kids at the playground there's some
kids at the playground who don't respect
their boundaries
and some kids at the playground that do
respect their boundaries and in terms of
when a kid doesn't respect their
boundaries like what is the way that we
interact with that kid
and how do i talk to them so there's
like a lot of stuff that like
our human brain when we're like a
six-year-old is like a sponge and it
absorbs all kind of crap
and what i'm noticing just based on your
history is it sounds like the rules of
relationships
the rules of healthy relationships was
not something that your five-year-old
brain
knew how to like didn't get taught
and so then what happens is as you
become an adult and you engage in other
people who are like
conditioned or they were taught a set of
rules which like like you guys are
playing a game
where like 90 percent of the population
or let's say 80
of the population has a shared rule set
and then you're playing some weird ass
hardcore
you know iron man mod and so it changes
the way that you interact with them
and then like the the passive aggressive
is is a good
term for like when when you're doing
something that someone
doesn't like and they can't
point to a behavior what they call you
is passive aggressive
they feel like you're doing something
wrong but you're not actually breaking
any of the rules which is how you
learned it right like
you learned like very consciously like
these are the rules of how you behave
with people
case in point i mean you can think about
just the cognitive work that you've done
if i tell people it's like an if then
sip you're like a [ __ ] robot
if i say i'm fine period they will be
upset
if i type i'm fine period you're like an
ai trying to learn human interactions
and then i add this emoji then they
won't be upset
and so what's happening is you're
engaging with people where you're like
following all the rules as you've
learned them because you like had to
figure this [ __ ] out
very like cognitively it wasn't like
internalized it wasn't baked in
and then what happens is you're not
violating any of the rules
but something is robbing someone the
wrong way to where they're like
i can't point to anything wrong that
he's doing but i just don't like him
and then they call you passive
aggressive because there's no sin
right there's no mistake there's nothing
that they can actually call you out on
and that's that's why it's even more
confusing for you because then you're
like what the [ __ ]
am i doing wrong like if i'm making a
mistake i will try to correct it because
i care about these people and i care
about these relationships but they're
like you're passive aggressive and
you're like
i don't know how to be not that
you yes yes right exactly what you're
saying yes
i mean if i'm screwing up somewhere just
like tell me what i'm screwing up and i
want to apologize and i want to change
because this matters to me but they're
like you're passive aggressive and
there's no
it's like a dead end there's no solution
there yeah
so does that make sense that makes
a lot of sense yes i've actually i've
never thought of it like that way my
entire life
yeah so i think it's like you've learned
it's a really interesting pattern but
like
you weren't taught the rules of the game
intuitively so when you don't have the
intuitive knowledge like
you know i i don't know how to say this
but like i mean you played a bunch of
games right
so if you play like league of legends
like you know that there's
there's these abstract concepts like
map control and pressure like lane
pressure right like
and the problem is like if if you don't
you can't
teach someone lane pressure
they have to like understand it you know
like it's like a principle and so
what can happen is i can analyze a game
of league of legends
and i can sort of like come up with a
set of if then statements
if three players are pushing top then i
should go bottom
and then like like you know i can do as
many of those if then statements that i
want to
and it will sort of approximate lane
pressure but it'll never
truly be an understanding of lane
pressure and then what happens is
the number of if then statements you
have in your head
works for like a certain amount of time
but unless you understand the equation
underneath eventually you'll hit a
social situation
where you don't have an if then
statement for it and you'll lose because
you don't understand lane pressure
yeah and that's why it sounds like
you're able to maintain relationships
for a while
but it sounds like eventually you hit
some scenario where like
you don't know the equation and you're
like if then statements don't match it
and then you kind of screw up in some
way yeah like i
i had this situation with my buddy and
we were
so close for like nine months like so
close
and then literally out of nowhere
this guy pulls me aside in the discord
call and says
hey you know all of your friends
actually hate you right
and they're completely fake to you and
the moment that you're not in the call
like they're all just [ __ ] on you
constantly
and it was just completely out of the
blue and like my wife was in those calls
and like obviously
you know she wouldn't lie to me because
we've been together for about 10 years
and it's just sometimes i have this
experience where i don't know if i'm
just not observant
but it almost feels like some of the
people who are the closest to me
have like this flip where they just say
like these ridiculously
rude things to me out of nowhere that
are completely unbased
and just try to destroy me it's
very strange and i i don't i don't know
what to do about that because i don't
know if i'm just
not perceptive enough or i don't even
know what their motive is
well so okay so let's let's bump
i've a couple of thoughts there but i
think probably what i need to do
is i'm sort of flying blind here like
i'm taking hail mary shots here
it seems like they're hitting so far but
i want to take a step back because i
have a lot of thoughts about you know
what you can do
to you know transform your social
interactions
but before we get there i want to just
make sure that i understand your
situation so
can you just like tell me more john like
what's been happening to you recently
like what's been going on like
help me understand like what your
experience of things is
sure uh when you say with things do you
mean with my friends or like what's
happening with the content grading side
or just
whatever whatever you want to talk about
like whatever you want whatever you wish
was different just tell me about it
all right so the thing that i'm having
an issue is with content creating is
is that i have been called dramatic
like i cause drama and
in my perspective and maybe you disagree
like
if somebody says literally
fake things about me and they have a if
it's a small
channel it's easy to ignore but if it's
a big channel saying that
i did this this and this if i respond to
them and tell them why they're wrong
and prove why because i'd like he said
she said scenarios are toxic i try not
to get involved in those
but if i have literal hard proof of that
no i didn't do any of that look at this
and then like i don't get how that's me
being dramatic that's me just i don't
get the difference between causing drama
and just trying to clear my name like
another another big example of that is
five months ago no joke i got cancelled
on twitter and they took
all of these clips from me out of
context
and i was called
transphobic homophobic and a pedophile
okay and my little sister and my niece
saw that
and the reason why i was called a
pedophile was because i was making this
thing called a waifu tier list
where there's this character in this
game i called her name's clay
she's 12 years old and this statement i
said was
was that glee could be a waifu for
another 12 year old
so i wanted the ranker at a b tier
because i think in a middle school
setting i think they would be cute to be
boyfriend and girlfriend
but instead what people took from that
was oh techtone likes to [ __ ]
kids this retweet thing got over
20 000 retweets and i disproved
every single claim and showed those
clips in full context but the problem is
is the person who made the post admitted
that they were trying to paint me in a
bad light
they admitted that they hated me and
they wanted to cause me [ __ ] but they
felt bad because
apparently someone from my community
went and tried to dox them
and i told them don't [ __ ] do that
what are you doing this person's just
confused
i go to their channel i reach out i try
to check in on them and they said wow i
would have never expected this behavior
from you
admitted the entire thing that was a lie
and took the entire post down
but the problem is is that with me in
particular maybe it happens to everybody
everybody's there when somebody calls
you a [ __ ]
but nobody was there when they admitted
oh hey
that was a lie so now so many people
have this impression of me from an
article that got
so much traction that was completely
unbased completely inaccurate
and nobody saw the apology because the
post itself got twenty thousand retweets
the apology got about seven hearts so
it just sucks because like i i don't get
why like
things that are hateful about me get so
much traction but anything that's good
gets like nothing and there are even
people who like say
if you support techtone you can go [ __ ]
yourself unfollow me like i just don't
get it like i don't get that [ __ ] at all
okay
why do you think they target you
i have a lot of i have a lot of i have a
lot of reasons
um one is that when i do stream because
i was taught this in professional
wrestling in theater
the most authentic acting is when you
take yourself and you turn it up to 11.
so i like to portray myself as like this
super light happy loud fun guy
when in reality i'm actually quite
depressed but i like doing that because
i feel that positivity spreads
and if i come on streaming because i'm
not so two days ago was the first time i
ever actually cried on stream because
generally when i feel sad i just turn
off the camera and i just i just go away
i have a panic attack and i have tons of
anxiety but i uh i recently started this
stuff called ashwagandha which has been
great it's been
changed my life to be honest and uh
i don't really have that many panic
attacks anymore but i have anxiety
non-stop i mean the reason why i think
people [ __ ] on me is probably because
i i definitely give a reaction when when
somebody
you know says some [ __ ] about me i
can't ignore it i have to say it if it
has you know
at least if too many people see it i
have to give a statement
so i do think maybe i respond too much
and uh
i guess i'm just in in in my demographic
which is like gotcha games i feel like
i'm i'm
extremely outspoken and incredibly loud
uh and i also don't think people know
the difference between my persona
techtone and then who i actually am
which is just john
it's my theory okay
okay
okay john i think there's i'm gonna
so there's this is a whole different can
it's not a different can of worms
there's a whole separate can of worms
that is also
involved here which has to do with like
what we've learned at hg about content
creators
and the first thing to understand is
like you get you're gonna get a
disproportionate amount of hate
because of the way that
content creation works so for example
like
you know i don't know how much of this
is personally you and how much of it is
just like
there's almost like a behavioral
reinforcement where like if i know that
i'm gonna get an 11 out of 10 response
if i crap on techtone then what i'm
going to do is crap on techtone because
he's going to respond and then like it's
going to become a thing
right and and then like there's also
there's like a whole there's a whole
i mean it gets complicated because then
people feel like self-righteous because
now if they think that you're a
pedophile they'll go out of their way to
expose you because they think that
they're doing the world
like good and then if you respond to
that like you know it just
every response feeds the flames and so
it's strange but there's almost like a
behavioral reinforcement to
even responding to drama you're actually
like
reinforcing the drama because there are
these other things like there's like
this darwinian effect where
you know the hate post gets 20 000
whatever
and then the apology post gets seven
whatever which means that what's
happening is the internet from a
darwinian fashion
is actually like selecting for hateful
content
so like that that it's just a function
of like the way that our our like
propagation algorithms and human
psychology work
does that make sense yeah it does yes
so so i think the the other thing though
is that i i think that where this could
overlap is i'm curious
why like someone would go out of their
way to take
a bunch of your clips and put them out
of context to try to like smear you
so there may be something there that you
are actually doing that like puts a
target on your back in the first place
i 100 agree i just have no idea what
that is
so this is where the overlap may be go
ahead do you have ideas
um you sounded like you're about to say
something and i cut you off no yeah no
because that's that's what it's always
been like it's just like
there there has to be a reason
and it sucks because i i don't do
anything necessarily that other
streamers
don't do like i pretty much
i don't know i mean to be all uh
no i don't i mean no i i don't really
know
okay i wish i i've been trying to
because like i i'm at like
it can sometimes feel like my brain is
exploding because like
i'll just think and i'll think and i'll
think and i'll think and like i haven't
got that much sleep in the past three
days i'm not gonna lie
um because even now like i don't even
know
i'm just trying to process and figure
out how do i get this to never happen
again
like how do i how do i stop this
yes i i don't know that you can stop it
but i think
my you know what i would try to help you
do is not stop it but ra
rather reduce it and and be able to like
process it
right because as long as you're a
content creator like people are gonna
[ __ ] on you like it's just
it's part of the business yeah and and
so
so maybe let's go a little bit more
personal and see if there are particular
aspects of your behavior or your
personality that like
translate on the stream that are causing
because if you have problems on stream
and you have problems in your personal
relationships
there's usually a common element there
so like maybe the way that we can try to
elucidate those because there probably
is some there's some problem right
because you're not like a dumb guy and
if you're saying
like hey this pattern keeps happening
like you are the common denominator so
that should be like explored
so can you give me an example so that's
really helpful from like a professional
standpoint that it seems like you do
something
people you get you have a target on your
back you kind of work like you know then
they smear you and then you defend
yourself and it's
absolutely frustrating that you know the
smear post gets 20 000 whatever and then
like
the apology post i've seen the same
thing in terms of accusations of sexual
assault and stuff like that with people
who are innocent it's actually really
tragic
that you know the accusation gets like
spread like wildfire and it's like
guilty until proven innocent
and then like when someone comes out
with uh
um you know with an apology or even like
rescinds it there's like
nothing it's like crickets
and and i've seen this a lot with a lot
of the the men in my practice where
there's almost like
a trauma from being accused of sexual
assault especially
and i'm i'm not saying that you know
it just gets tricky but sometimes you
know people are innocent
and and but their life gets ruined yeah
um so you know i think there's gonna be
like there's definitely like just this
aspect in human society where like
accusations
um spread farther than like
vindications um and
and i don't really know what to do about
that so let's like kind of focus a
little bit more on
um you know your personal relationship
so can you tell me
like just pick something that's been
happening recently with you and and what
your understanding of it is
sure well i would like to say the
majority of friends that i have lost is
mainly just because i've moved around a
lot
like and they don't play video games so
like i don't know how to talk to people
unless we're playing a video game
together okay so that's that's the
majority of them
it's just i move don't know how to
connect with regular conversation
we don't play the same games or they
don't play games so i don't know
like first like with my brother who's
like one of the guys i'm close with ever
he doesn't play video games either so we
just talk like once a year but when we
talk it's like
like nothing ever changed like we're
right there
um with with other issues i i guess
i have had a lot of friends who have not
wanted to
be my friend because
oh god uh it feels
i guess maybe i'd
i say too much like and i i think i give
my opinion a little bit too quick
what do you mean like that so like
i'm pretty aware when somebody is like
like when a girl is trying to get with a
guy
and i know i know oh god i know when
somebody's
i think i know when somebody's a piece
of [ __ ]
but like for example like when i see one
of my buddies
with a girl who i know is not good for
him because like
i don't know how to i don't know how to
tell my buddy to to leave a [ __ ] girl
when they've cheated on them twice so
i'm like
okay like they may want to deal with it
but i'm just like it's just gonna happen
again
like they [ __ ] another dude when you
were gone
why would you forgive that and like i
guess i'm
i'm too i'm too abrasive
because when i see things so black and
white and like when i see somebody
that's [ __ ] up when i see somebody
hurt one of my friends i have to say
something
and and maybe maybe i don't give them
their time to deal with things naturally
but i'm just like girl cheats
on boy boy should leave girl
because if not boy gets hurt again
and so like i don't know how yes i go
ahead
why do you have to say something because
i don't
i don't i don't want to see my friends
get hurt again
like if i know it's going to happen
again and it'll happen again
i don't know how to not say yo man you
should be careful and i'm never abrasive
about i'm just like do you really want
to go through with this again
like i i don't i hate like i can't stand
i can't stand seeing my friends get hurt
and so
when i try to sorry go ahead what makes
that hard for you
i think i actually know the point i
think i know why it's been so hard
because i once again i i try to figure
out why do i think this way
why is it so important to me and so i
backtracked way back
way back and this was like first second
grade uh
and my mom had a really a really rough
life uh because she had to take care of
four kids by herself
uh because my dad wasn't in the picture
early on
so my mom was so stressed all the time
so she would get angry
and she would just unleash havoc on my
two brothers and i loved them more than
anything
uh to where my my brother mike would
call me the sacrificial lamb of the
family
because when i would see my mother
yelling at my brothers
i would do something intentionally
horrible
that way i could shift her being angry
at them
to her being angry at me because then i
also know that i can get her to
accept what i did because i can actually
give a heartfelt apology because when i
[ __ ] up and i'm going into that with the
mindset of okay i'm going to [ __ ] up
tremendously
i know how to apologize and mean it
because i i didn't know my action was
wrong but like
i i just i can't i ca it just came back
from that
it's just when i see other people in
pain it's easier for myself to be in
pain than see them in pain because this
way i can make that go away for them
and just kind of take that on myself
which i understand is incredibly
unhealthy
but unhealthy in what way unhealthy for
me
but good for them because on one hand
that's just gonna continue
to you know i guess send people the
wrong message of who i am because i'm
doing things that i wouldn't naturally
do
so that way i can get people to [ __ ] off
the other people but then
on the other hand that i don't have to
see my brothers or my friends
get [ __ ] so john i'm gonna ask you
some weird questions okay
anything i'm an open book so when you
say when you say
i can't stand seeing my friends hurt
so i have to say something whose
feelings are you prioritizing in that
interaction
i'm trying to prioritize theirs really
think about that for a second
so what is the emotional driver that is
prompting you to action
me not wanting to see them hurt
so that's that's that's my thing that
isn't my thing that is oh absolutely
yeah that is i never thought about that
way
so like here's the crazy thing right
like it's actually your
intolerance of their pain that drives
you to act
which means there actually isn't you're
not placing their feelings above your
own
i mean that's true it's the other way
around even though it's done with love
but it's it's really tricky
right but it's your intolerance
and this is why like i i mean i think
could be anticlimactic but this could be
a huge part of it
right because when you say like i don't
understand why someone would
you know forgive someone who's cheated
on them twice
absolutely and that's where you screw up
because you don't like
they're not stupid man
like they understand that their
girlfriend cheated on them twice and
you're missing a huge part of the puzzle
if they're going back
that's true and so then what you do is
you try to push them based on your
standard
which once again like i know it's gonna
happen again like you can't see the
future no one can
yeah you know so it's kind of
interesting because like
i think like part of the problem when
you say like i think you're sort of
right
in the sense that are you abrasive yes
like i think that
the tricky thing here is that you're
abrasive but you're also like kind of
justified right
you're not like telling people things
that are like super distort like it's
not unreasonable to think that
hey if like this this person that you're
dating cheats on you twice like maybe
you should find someone else
yeah but i do think that something
you're probably missing something
because if the primary if if you are
able to if you are not
able to emotionally tolerate your
friends like making mistakes
and doing in your mind stupid things
yeah that emotional intolerance is
probably blinding you to some
signals that they're sending your way i
agree
10 billion i think i think i started
realizing that when i played league of
legends
because whenever i would watch people
misplay in league of legends i would
lose my absolute [ __ ]
because like i can't see i can't stand
watching people make mistakes it drives
me [ __ ] nuts
so what's up with that
it's just annoying there's nothing
there's nothing oh it's so frustrating
because like in my mind it's like okay
well one plus two equals three
but then when i see people doing one
plus two equals five over and over and
over again
it's just like i [ __ ] wish people
could just get it a little
bit quicker and when i it it it because
like
just for once again like things just
make sense it's like
okay you you last hit the minions
and then once you last at their minions
and if you have more then you go for the
poke you go for the aggro
but then when i see people who like just
to talk in the the video game terms
when i see people who like shoot at like
shoot poke at people
and then they get minion aggro and then
they take more damage from the minions
then they did that they did the opponent
and they just lose but they think they
won it's just like
i i can't stand people having
i guess
it's hard for me to watch people make
mistakes it's hard for me to see people
who have i guess an illogical train of
thought
uh and it just irritates me no end
but how do you know or do they think
they're illogical
no they think that they're doing it
right so how do you know who's right
oh god uh well i guess back in the day i
would justify it by saying well
i'm this rank and you're that rank so
then i could use that as a justifier but
uh
that's also incredibly toxic what makes
that toxic
uh well i think i think flexing rank is
pretty egotistical
like i'm i'm underneath the mindset
i have i have a lot of very strong
opinions alok um
is it okay if i call you alok or sure
absolutely man okay i remember you
taught me an analogy i think i was i was
watching a lot of your vid i've always
watched your videos
you said an analogy where it's like it's
not it's not all wood it's all oak i
think that's what you said
yeah i love that so much um i guess i
have
i think my opinions are like borderline
too strong and that's
that's probably something i need to stop
because i'll say things like on stream
for example i don't think
people play league of legends because
they like league of legends i think
they're not doing anything
in their real life and when they get a
rank up or they go from bronze four to
bronze three they feel established even
though they didn't do [ __ ] all the
entire day and it means nothing
so like so john i'm going to reign
a little bit buddy so let's go back to
so so like i know it sounds kind of
weird but like
you your mind produces things that are
right right
i think so and your friend produces
things that are wrong
right i would agree with this yes
so how do you know who's right and who's
wrong
by showing them the errors of their
actions
but so if you if you get into an
argument with someone on league and you
say hey man don't poke unless you've got
creep advantage
yeah do they respond with some
incorrect logical argument
some friends yes and some friends know
so like then how do you know like you
have what you perceive to be a logical
argument
they have what they perceive to be a
logical argument right yeah
yeah how do you know who's right and
who's wrong you can continue trying to
convince them
they're going to continue trying to
convince you yeah by
i guess by demonstrating like showing
them
you know like okay well then let's go
into a game and i will show you right
now
and then i will so that may work in
league
but yes how do you resolve that in real
life
i have no idea so so here's the thing
so oddly enough i think that flexing
rank is about ego but like
let's be clear right so
sometimes i'll you know i'm i'm a crappy
player in dota
it used to be pretty good but you know
over the years
over the decades over the decade i've
you know drifted downward in skill and
dota players have gotten better
over a decade like i think the people
who still play like take the game pretty
seriously
and so like i think you can make a
strong argument that if i have an
opinion about what's right right and
what's wrong
and then there's like someone who's top
10 on the ladder
on the north american ladder who tells
me that i'm wrong
i think there's a reasonable argument
that we're like
i have no leg to stand on like
irrespective of how logical i think i
am and how logical they think they are
we both think we're logical but they're
just right
and i'm wrong by virtue of like an
objective
quantifier about our skill right yeah
so flexing rank is egotistical
absolutely but like there's no question
here that i'm wrong and they're right
so here's the question what's your
real-life
social rank
in my i have no idea how people perceive
me
i think i okay so on the internet
it's really high i think
in real life i can barely string
together sentences in front of actual
people
so this is where like i know it sounds
crazy but when your friend
decides to give this girl another chance
after she's
cheated on him twice yeah you know like
maybe be a little bit more open-minded
like when you ask the question like why
would anyone do that
actually try to find an answer because
they're not stupid right like
yeah there's gotta be like the more the
worse that she treats him
the bigger the reason because that
there's a scale in their mind
right like this person has cheated on me
twice i should break up with them
but there's got to be something stronger
than that negative that's keeping them
in the relationship
my my mind is because i i'm very
i'm very asexual like i i don't give a
[ __ ] about sex
it's like in my mind i'm just like okay
well maybe the sex is really good
and that's the only thing i ever think
of and that's probably my bet because
i'm out of power yeah so
here's here's where i think we run into
the problem john
yes when you don't know something in
your mind
where do you go to for answers
how do you so when you say i don't
understand why they're in a relationship
how did you figure out what conclusion
do you come to
it must be for the sex yeah it's messed
with effects and also
this particular friend has been cheated
on in every single one of his
relationships
okay this particular one so i figured
okay well it's just gonna happen again
uh and then for all other questions i'm
just like i'm just google it
every single time i have a single
question my head ever i'm so google it
let me share something with you if you
don't understand something in a
relationship
maybe try asking the other person
i have never tried that once ever and
therein lies i think a major piece of
social conditioning that you probably
never saw at home
that makes a lot of sense
i i can honestly say i've never done
that a single time
ever
so now we're walking the tightrope
because how do you feel
john
i feel i feel really stupid
uh yep so do you remember no
do you remember what the tightrope is
we talked about it so we talked about
you know this whole thing about
accepting responsibility but like
like treating yourself with compassion
and being careful about blaming yourself
yeah so do you see how it's like because
it seems
so idiotic
right so let's try to be a little bit
compassionate and understanding because
i know it's kind of weird but i want you
to try to understand yourself
and in this moment you may feel like an
idiot but understand
what kind of upbringing does someone
need to have to where they like
never ask someone questions in
relationships
is it really that you're that idiotic or
simply that like you were never exposed
to it right
like it's really not your fault man
yeah that's crazy because yeah because
when you when you said that i had a i
had an issue with another content credit
where it literally all could have been
solved if i just sent them one discord
message
and said hey are you okay man but i just
i just don't do that and i don't know
why i don't do that
okay so it's so simple i
i literally don't get why i don't do
that at all well so
all the most brilliant revelations seem
simple
afterward right but like like so let
let's
now let's try to be like understanding
so like i know it's kind of weird but
you're making
that you're doing the same thing again
we're like let's try to
accept that there's a damn good reason
you don't do it instead of saying it's
stupid i should just do it
does that make sense yeah and it's weird
because the reason why that
why that affects me so much is like i've
literally never considered that a single
time
ever and i'm 27.
that i yeah that's shocking
so what's what's your understanding of
why you haven't considered it a single
time
i guess i judge people too quickly
and when i think someone's a bad person
i don't want to speak to them i don't
really i really i don't like hearing
them out
but i definitely should yeah so let
got to be careful john because your mind
is jumping to conclusions pretty quickly
okay
so now i'm going to share a couple of
other things so i think that the reason
that you don't do this
is because you were taught or there was
like an evolutionary
like you if your mind evolved in a
particular
like circumstance right like
you your mind evolved in a place where
black and white judgment was critical
like you had to like go all in like when
your mom is yelling at your two brothers
you don't have time to appreciate nuance
or ask her how she's feeling because
that's not gonna do anything
what you've got to do is like go black
and white you go ham you go hard and you
commit to an action and you follow
through completely because it's gonna be
a bumpy ride
you see that yeah and so like i i want
you to be really careful about blaming
yourself because like i think this is
the trick that you use to survive
because in in the environment you grew
up in
people who seemed to be bad like were
bad
like divorce one is followed by divorce
two three four five six and seven
that is staggering that is the most
diverse divorces i've ever heard of
yeah it's honestly quite impressive so
so like here
here's the problem like you're playing
like so the rules of the game that you
learned
are like a mod that's the way that i
want you to think about it it doesn't
make you stupid
it's just like if i started off playing
you know dota dota was originally a
warcraft 3 mod
right yes so like when i play dota and i
learn the rules of dota in the warcraft
3 engine
and then i play a game of warcraft 3 on
ladder
boy am i gonna feel stupid
because like the mod is just completely
different
but it's not that i'm stupid it's just
that like i've played with this mod
and there's this whole different rule
set and you just haven't
learned the rule set you've learned in
some way
right it's sort of like you're playing
like your micro is so intensive in
warcraft 3 that you even win some games
but in dota there's no such thing as
like mining gold out of your gold mine
and so you're not mining gold in
warcraft 3 and you're still
managing to win games because you're
missing some huge key
mechanical differences in relationships
and i think the reason that you get
called passive aggressive is because
you see your mind comes to a conclusion
and you don't really try to understand
someone else's perspective because like
in your experience that's been a waste
of time or not your experience
your brain is telling you there's no
point in doing that because you just
said i'm pretty sure i know when someone
is a pos like i can judge them very
quickly
yeah right so like that is the strategy
that worked that was the meta
in your household is there's like
there's the good apples and there's the
bad apples like very clearly like you've
got your sister
you've got your dad and you've got your
mom with your bad apples and then you've
got your one brother which is a good
apple
and you've got your wife which is a good
apple and you've got this other friend
who's a good apple and everyone else is
bad apples
but that conception i think the biggest
thing john is that i'm not
hearing space for another person in your
relationships
you are 100 correct that that is how it
goes with me
it's either we're like best friends or i
want nothing to do with you
and it's always been that way there's
never been there's never i don't have
acquaintances
it's either like i'm all in or i'm all
out a hundred percent
yeah so i i and and that too i think
that those are going to be like
unless you can navigate the shades of
gray like i think this is going to
continue happening
right because you're going to get super
tight with people super quick
and then like that's fine because both
y'all are like
you know nitro boosts all in for this
relationship
and then eventually like something is
gonna it's just not sustainable it's
just you can't
you know maybe with a wife you can swing
that right because you all are like tied
together and there's like no
coming back from that sort of thing but
i
i mean i think it's like i know it
sounds kind of silly but like i think
it's sort of like
you know i i i suspect that the more you
try to
understand someone else in your
relationships
the less passive aggressive you will be
perceived
because i think you're right that like
you don't make mistakes per se
right but that there's no understanding
of them so what you're doing you're
almost like
flying in this relationship blind like
you don't really know what they're
thinking or feeling but you sort of have
like a rule set that you follow
and since you're a smart [ __ ]
your rule set has become really good
you know how to like not make a mistake
in a relationship but there's no space
for the other person's thoughts feelings
perspectives
it's about right or wrong yep
yeah i 100 agree that makes a lot of
sense
help me understand why you agree
because first of all there's this other
thing that i do
in conversations which is and also if i
swear
i have this problem where i switch
topics a lot
i have a really hard time like locking
it in it's all good man
yeah as you were as you were speaking to
me about um
about like why i work the way that i
work and like the different rule sets i
was always thinking why do i get so
close with people so quick
and it's because i have like this
massive fear of like not having a good
conversation so like when i talk to a
new person
like i want it to be like
i watch too much goddamn anime and i i
want it to be like
oh like with every single new person i
meet
which is why i'm so rapid fire all the
time like i can't stand dead space and
conversation
and that leads me to where like if i get
that rapid-fire successful conversation
then okay we're best friends but then if
i don't get that then i'm like okay well
we're just incompatible and then i don't
know what to do with you
so yeah uh sorry my brain is
no all over the place that's i think
it's really helpful
i think your tangents are filled with
hidden treasure
so what i'm hearing there once again
like i want you to just pay attention to
this john that like
in a relationship when you say i don't
know what to do with you
yeah that's a very lopsided way to look
at a relationship
right because whose responsibility is it
to figure out how to make the
relationship work
that's mind slash ours
can't be both ours
that's the right answer is that the way
that you do it
no not really no there we go
right so if a conversation isn't going
bop
whose fault is it uh both of ours not
just mine
but what do you think it's my fault
absolutely i have to make it go
up yeah so you're accepting too much
responsibility for the conversation
yeah and then what happens is even if
you can make the conversation work
i know it sounds kind of weird but then
it's like it's a hundred percent you and
zero percent them
and that's just not sustainable in a
relationship
i agree 100 right so let's talk about
your wife for a second if you're okay
with that
i would love to so like what is your
what are your conversations with her
like
i act with my wife like with no one else
on this entire earth
um the moment i get off stream
that's why you've been together for 10
years but let's keep listening because i
think we've found our formula for
success
so let's hear it yeah with with frame
there's this little bucket of sunshine
uh
i instantly go to like you know baby
talking
like talking uh just goofing around
just we even have like this
our own terminology that we only use
with each other
uh it's just i can i can literally count
on one hand
the amount of arguments we've had in 10
years
because we just we've never done that we
just don't do that like i don't know i i
feel like frames is perfect for me
uh yeah she's just very nice she's very
understanding um
i definitely talk way more than she does
she is an incredible listener which is
great and
um she does not
understand anything in the world
so she comes to me for guidance on
pretty much every single decision she
makes in her entire life
because she just doesn't know what to do
because uh she also had a very her and i
have very similar backgrounds
um she got really messed up by a lot of
people and then um
when i came into her life i cleaned her
up um she had a lot of bad habits that
uh we got her to kick ones they're very
unhealthy for her body
um and i make
her happy and she makes me happy i
understand her 100 percent she
understands me understand uh
forgiveness is everything and uh
i'm underneath the mindset we're like i
don't think it's hard to not [ __ ] up
like i feel like it takes a lot of like
if you're in a relationship i feel like
it's very hard to [ __ ] up with somebody
if you truly care about them
so like her and i have pretty much never
[ __ ] up and and when
it has happened we talk about it on the
spot we have never gone to bed angry a
single time
whenever there's an issue we talk about
it instantly um and we also don't leave
each other's
side ever uh the longest she's ever left
my side was probably like an hour to go
to groceries other than that we go
absolutely everywhere together it's
we're
attached on the hip she's amazing but
yeah we do everything together we play
games together uh we watch the same
movies we watch the same anime and uh
yeah and she's just amazing
and when you guys have an argument and
y'all talk it out
yeah do you usually find that she ends
up
understanding your perspective pretty
well yes
do you understand her perspective pretty
like like i'll i'll have no idea how
like she'll came
to do what she did but then after she
explains it
i just think oh okay well she never
learned
that doing that was wrong and then i
feel
it's okay
so are you wrong in the relationship
ever
i i okay now this is a this is a tricky
situation though
yeah because i get afraid
of my wife because she's never
ever mad at me she and i can say this
honestly she has said i have
never made a mistake ever and that
freaks me out
because the reason why that freaks me
out is is now that we're 10 years into a
relationship
if i do [ __ ] up and she hasn't seen this
before
is it going to be okay but i can
honestly say this genuinely
she has told me and like i'll even say
are you sure you're okay with what
happened are you sure you're okay
and she's like it's absolutely okay i
understand
it's not a problem she no i can honestly
say i've
i hate saying that it makes me feel like
such a dick but no i can honestly say i
have
in her eyes never been wrong even even
when i feel that i am
when i feel that i [ __ ] up she'll
still say no you're good
it's okay what do you think about that
it freaks me the [ __ ] out what freaks
you out about it
i feel like my wife is way too accepting
of me
like too accepting like it's like
it's it is [ __ ] weird because i'm
just like
i feel like i [ __ ] up here why is she
not mad at me why is she never angry at
me
like ever and it's been like this way
for a decade a decade
like a [ __ ] decade dude
so it is scary what's scary about it
i i feel like there's something in her
brain that's wired
strangely to make her over forgiving
because i i will say my wife has come
from
very abusive relationships very abusive
and in my head i'm like
has my wife been conditioned to just
forgiving poor behavior out of fear
for herself and is that happening with
us sure
so i think that that's a reasonable
hypothesis right
yeah and then the other thing to kind of
think a little bit about is
so so i think the reason y'all's
relationship works is because there's
matching conditioning
okay right that that like if you kind of
think about it you're telling me that
you have relationship problems with a
lot of people
but that this seems to be like a very
successful relationship
and what i'm hearing is that both of you
guys were kind of like screwed up in a
particular way
but the way that each of you has sort of
like cracked and fractured
sort of fits well with each other
is that fair to say yeah yeah we also uh
we we also share the same mental illness
which is actually how we uh how we
bonded
okay and and what how do you understand
if she's sort of been conditioned in a
particular way to be overly forgiving
what kind of person does she need to
date to have a successful relationship
what balances that out
she's over well i guess a guy who messes
up a lot would make sense in my head
than
the yin and yang or someone who doesn't
mess up ever and that way she doesn't
get
mistreated are the two things that i
have in my head
yeah so i'd say the third thing is
someone who's not forgiving enough
man you are messing me up today jesus
yep
yep i agree
right so it didn't mean to body blow you
there but i recognize that may have been
a little
body blow yeah
i agree so we're gonna we're gonna try
to like
help you out there but and i i think i
think just to be fair it sounds like
you've made every effort
it's just her you know saint-like
forgiveness
outweighs yeah so i think she's just
she's out playing you there she's higher
mmr
so you've tried to accept fault time and
time and time again
but she just won't let you yeah
right but i i think the key thing here
i'm not trying to paint you out to be an
[ __ ] or anything like that i
recognize that there's gonna be like a
lot of blame and stuff
but i think it's just like i know it
sounds kind of weird but i've seen
people have this idea that
you know a successful relationship is a
particular thing
like it means that two human beings are
a particular way whereas
my experience has been actually that
like a lot of really successful
relationships
come when two screwed up people are like
screwed up in the right ways for each
other
and so so i think that there's something
about you know i i don't
get the sense that you're actually
abusive and so it's probably like
like and at the same time you know it
does sound a little bit
like there's a power dynamic in the
relationship or some degree of
codependency
there is a hundred percent of power
dynamic one billion percent
because like and i'm so sentient of it
i'm so worried about it
i asked my wife at least twice a week
hey if i were to mess up
you know it's okay to be angry at me you
know it's okay to tell me that i did
something wrong and she's like yeah i
just you never do
and i'm like all right and it's it's
uncomfortable for me it is uncomfortable
because i
i am so worried because of the [ __ ] that
she's been through that i will also be
part of the problem so i try to be so
cognizant of how she's feeling about
what she's doing why she's doing that
but it is
it is scary because i don't want to ever
do anything to hurt her ever
yeah i get that john so i'm going to try
to equip you with a slightly different
approach right so when you say you know
it's okay to be angry with me
yeah who has the power in that
relationship
that's me giving her permission to
absolutely permission is the right word
yep right so then the question
so what i would what i would recommend i
think here's the big thing right so like
you'll give her permission
but i'm not hearing a question
right so i think the biggest thing that
you need to add to your relationships is
questions
okay so like like what i would recommend
to you uh
or am i making you feel like an [ __ ]
no you are it feels like i have a puzzle
in my head that you're adding more
pieces than salt yeah
so so the next time you think you screw
up
yeah and you ask her are you sure i
didn't screw up and she's like no it's
totally fine like it's fine she has
saint like forgiveness cool
but what i would really like encourage
you to do is like you know
switch characters for a second instead
of spamming
you know animo dps like switch
and then like you know go to like an
earth character and like use a shield
it's like a different shirt it's the
same button
but it's a completely different thing it
doesn't even do any damage
yeah but it will help you win the
encounter and ask her
can you help me understand why you don't
think i screwed up
yep right that's a damn good question so
so like and it's not
it's not about like permission or
anything because it's it's tricky
because i i don't doubt like i really
don't think you're sort of to blame for
this john because i think
this relationship like you guys sort of
managed to make it work like in a
particular way
so we don't want to like give her i know
sounds kind of weird but like it's going
to be like
very hard on both of you if the power
dynamic switches rapidly
right she doesn't know what to do with
it and you don't know how to let it go
so like y'all aren't ready for that yet
but at the same time i think the main
thing is when you have a friend you know
this is where like the main thing that
you need to learn is like
six out of the seven k or five out of
six characters you've got are gonna have
like an
r2 that does damage but like you just
need that one shield
right there's like a different dynamic
so when you have a friend who and this
is where i'd be careful about your
your like black and white judgments i'm
not blaming you
i'm not blaming that your mind makes
them right so like you've just learned
how to do that fine
but i think what you've got to
incorporate is like if your friend is
like dating someone again for like
the the next you know the nth time and
you're afraid that they're gonna cheat
you should try to understand them right
try to ask like what do you see in this
person and then share your feelings and
then listen
so another technique that i'm gonna do
is sometimes i get worried that this
person may cheat on you again
and then and try to instead of trying to
convince them ask them what do you think
about that
like instead of trying to convince them
ask why they disagree with what i'm
saying
or not even disagree because disagree
and agree means that one of y'all loses
and one of y'all wins
okay just open-ended like they can move
in whatever direction they want to in
the conversation
what do you think you know they say
yeah i know they may disagree i mean i i
know that they may cheat but like i care
about them so much
and then your mind is gonna tell you
that's idiotic
okay right
you restrain it john yep yep
um and and then then you can say like
it's hard but then you know you don't
this is where maybe you are a little bit
abrasive right yeah because then your
mind is gonna be like you're a dumbass
bro
yeah so don't say that right so so this
is where you can say i
i i'm i'm having trouble
like understanding like how you can be
so forgiving
and how you can like take that risk
again
can you help me understand like how
you're able to take that risk
it feels like it would be too much for
me
yeah and what you're saying is uh what
also helped click in my head is that
i can definitely this i don't know if
it's passive aggressive or aggressive or
it's just a [ __ ] dick thing to do
but when i have in the past asked people
like
how the how the [ __ ] could you possibly
think that and they give me their
rationale
i have this really bad habit where when
i get frustrated i start laughing
and it's really bad because it's really
offensive but uh yeah
because like i'll be like okay so you
don't think she's going to do this again
no she won't do it again i'll i'll just
start
laughing hysterically which is really
bad it's really that is bad
yeah it's like i yeah i smile when i get
angry i laugh when i get angry
um and um yeah i i pretty much mask
everything when i get sad so that's
something that i need to i need to
[ __ ] stop and it's it's not like
extend it's just like like just one loud
laugh it's
it's bad yeah yeah so it's it's it comes
across as very condescending
yes it does yes it does it is horrible
and so so i'd say you know tips there
are first of all let people know that
that's how you like you have a lot of
trouble processing negative emotions
the other thing you can do is apologize
yes
um and and then once again like when
when you apologize like listen to them
like don't apologize for what you feel
bad for
i know it sounds kind of weird but
apologize for
how they are hurt and that involves
listening to them first
so you'll probably like if you laugh
inappropriately you'll be like i'm so
sorry that was a mean thing to do
but once again there's not room for them
to tell you like whether it was okay or
not okay
does that make sense so i think the
biggest thing john is like and i think
the passive aggressive stuff will sort
of go away because i think you've
learned
how to not break the rules of the
relationship but also
like you manage to not let other people
be in the relationship
yeah and and so that's gonna come across
as like
and they don't know how to like point
this out right because they're like
they don't know what else to call it
because you're not really doing anything
wrong
it's just you're not giving them space
to participate in the conversation
you're not trying to really understand
them and stuff like that
which you know you got to be careful
about
i think that's another thing that i
greatly made a mistake with
was that even though i'm all in on them
i never asked if they were all in on me
or whether they're okay with you being
all in on them
exactly and so like i will joke with
people
who i love but then i realize they're
indifferent about me
so that the jokes i say towards them are
perceived as passive aggressiveness
when in reality it's just a joke and if
we were as close
together as i thought we were then it
would have just been
we're bodies at least in my head so i
think i need
before i joke with people i need to make
sure that we're as good as each other
like i think
yeah so so you you got to be careful
because like like there's the problem
it's
super subtle i'd say like go back and
watch this vod but pay attention to your
words you said
they we weren't that tight and in
reality
and then you share your opinion it's
like really interesting how you
construct it because you're saying that
there's
you're right at the end but it's it's
really in i don't know how to like
highlight this but you said
i said something and they perceived it
this way
but in reality this is really what it
was
whereas no it's not in reality like
that's a whole problem
it's like their perceptions are just as
valid as yours okay
right and and yeah i've i've been told i
do something weird when i talk
so i'm thinking you just told me what
that was so i think i need to identify
that
yeah like i would say like literally go
back and like watch this time stamp in
the vaude because
what i'm noticing in your mind is like
they have a perception
but you are entitled to the reality of
the situation
which is the whole crux of the problem
yeah
right so like like this is where like
communication it's not like
one party has the reality of it
yeah because their reality is just as
important as my reality
absolutely so even though i i know my
intentions
they don't know my intentions so that
doesn't justify the reality in my
perception because the reality
is both bars combined not by exclusively
exactly
let's go dr k you're you're a goddamn
magician jesus
it's nice to have a five-star character
to talk to
because yeah everything is just gonna
work better your stats are just better
yeah i agree god damn you're you're
doing really well john you're
able to tolerate a lot of things that um
you know can be like very devastating to
feel
yeah i'm i'm trying i see that i see
that
i'm not you know i'm not being i'm not
whole
i'm not pulling my punches yeah
so you know and i appreciate that
because i feel like i've beaten this for
a very long time
yeah i mean i i appreciate it too
because i i try you know i don't
i yeah
i try not to pull my punches when people
can handle it
yeah but handling it is tough so so be
careful because you know today tomorrow
the next week
there may be like residual feelings of
that blame and that guilt or i'm such an
[ __ ] and things like that like those
may come up
um you know so just be prepared for
those it doesn't mean that they're true
because once again those are thoughts
produced by your mind
they're your black and white thinking
telling you oh my god i can't believe i
have been so dumb right like it's it's
all like be careful because that black
and white thinking may cause you to
conclude particular things which i want
you to
be careful of of course i don't think
you're
a bad person i think that you just
haven't learned how to do this yet
and that's because you weren't taught
like it was you were never given the
opportunity
right
questions thoughts uh
well i i think i think i will be okay
with self-depreciation
because now that i know
this information you've given to me i i
think i'm gonna be okay
i know that i have some apologizing to
do for sure
um but i think i'm gonna be able to i
guess understand myself and understand
other people a lot more better
or just a lot better sorry uh
another question you've been making a
lot of references to the game that i
played do you know what gadget impact is
yeah i just uh so i i heard that you
were a gentian impact streamer and i
literally installed gunship
like three years uh three weeks ago
so i've been playing it like how does he
know what agamo is that's like okay
that's crazy
yeah all i know about you is that you're
against an impact streamer that's all i
knew yeah
yeah of course um that's like another
question i had
oh man i wish i wrote these down you've
helped me with so much
and i know i'm gonna be able to use this
really good for the future
um
oh yeah then you said don't you don't
have to respond to that
i think
i guess another random question is yeah
i don't know if i'll do anything
um how how much time do you think
i should be getting away from my
computer and devices
because i'm on them non-stop like that's
probably not good for me right
what do you think i think i should
minimize my time content creating
by so much because i'm doing that for
like 12 14 hours a day
uh and then i try to get away from my
computer but
wait oh yes okay this is the real
question i want to ask that one i i'm
pretty sure i can handle it i want to i
want to get the computer a lot more
but what i wanted to say is i have this
problem where sometimes i get afraid of
speaking
because i i i analyze everything that i
say
and i try to limit the amount that
people can intuit from what i say
that way i can say correct statements
like so
all before i say anything and i'm a
really quick thinker i'm like if i say
this
it will trigger that if i say this it
will give them
that idea that's really bad to do
right yeah so john all roads
lead to home or rome so let me ask you
when you do that you're in a
conversation right
yes so are you playing a single player
game
or a co-op game go off game go off game
well no oh when i do that it's single
player absolutely
there's the problem right so you're
trying so hard to predict
and determine the rightness of things
that you say
but you're treating the other person
like an npc
yes i am right so like like don't rely
so
much on yourself and let them share some
of the responsibility
of like the conversation
okay right because like when
yeah yeah i knew that was [ __ ] up and
i knew it was so horrible
for me to do that i need to stop that i
need to stop that so much
because that that is the thing like
sometimes i'll be afraid to like join
like discord calls my buddies
because then i know like it's like
all right here we go like this needs to
go perfectly here we go
yeah so so let i'm gonna ask you
something john how do you think it
feels to be on the receiving end of your
conversations
i have been told it's very fun
yep i have been told that i make things
very fun
yep but
it's generally also not that fun for me
to do
because sometimes i just want to [ __ ]
chill yes
so what i would suggest or what i would
imagine
is that you dominate a conversation yes
i do
to the benefit of others sure because
it's like you come in and they get their
own personal stand-up comedian
but there's absolutely a comedian on
stage which is hilarious
and then there's an audience
right so like it's fun i i have no doubt
in my mind that being in a discord call
with you
is a riot but
i i also think it's closer to watching a
netflix special
on by a comedian than it is to a
conversation
because i think i think you occupy a lot
of space
in the room yep
yeah i would say my amount of real
conversations as you said i've i've
probably not had that many
yeah because yeah
yeah i agree what do you think about our
conversation
i thought it was a complete dialogue i
felt like it was two human beings
attempting to connect with each other
and i think that
i mean i i would say that we have
because
i've i feel like i've learned a lot i've
felt a lot and i think that's why i had
such a strong emotional reaction because
i i don't cry i don't but like i've my
my tear ducts have been exploding for
the past two hours too much my eyes
burn uh i feel like i've held a lot of
baggage and i feel like you've relieved
a lot of that stress and i feel like
this is
i'm gonna remember this for a long time
because i feel like there's gonna be a
big turning point for me and and i just
feel like our conversation was
very authentic what makes it a dialogue
how much more i was listening to you
than thinking about the things that were
coming out of my mouth
right and so i'm doing the same thing
yeah so you're you're giving me space
at times and then i'm giving you space
at times it's almost like you know we're
tossing a ball back and forth
which is really what a dialogue should
be like because you're not responsible
for
making the conversation work so i think
oddly enough this has been helpful
because you came into this
i i imagine that you may actually feel
less pressure so notice what i'm doing
i'm about to check in with you right i
have a hypothesis
so i'm going to check in with you we're
going to see maybe i'm right maybe i'm
wrong in a bizarre way i wonder if you
actually feel
less pressure in this conversation than
you do
in a discord call with your friends yes
i feel
pretty much zero pressure whatsoever and
how do you understand
why don't you feel pressure here
why don't i feel pressure here um
well one because i think that you care
and one i think that you are trying to
help me
uh and two i have a lot of trust in you
so i think i think it's a combination of
those three things
okay so i think those are all wonderful
things and i'd like to toss out a fourth
okay sure which is that you you're not
responsible
entirely for this conversation going
well
yeah right so you're putting some of
that responsibility on me
i think the reason it's a good
conversation is because we're actually
like seriously like we're going co-op
mode here
yeah whereas from what i've heard from
you is that a lot of times when you have
conversations
it's like you feel
so responsible for making sure the
conversation goes right that you don't
go into co-op mode
yeah i would agree with that right so
it's like
am i playing league of legends as the
adc
and it's me versus nine bots or
are we actually playing a team game
where like each person is supposed to
carry their weight
and actually if people like take farm in
the wrong place and start to carry
more than their weight it actually hurts
the team
yeah i'm saying that a lot i i sometimes
see some comments on my videos where i
do collabs with other people
where it says that like i'm very like
abrasive and then i was like very like
all-encompassing
yeah and then i realized yeah it's
because i was make i was i wasn't
trusting the other person
to help me out i was like okay we're
going to collab but it's going to be
[ __ ] awesome
yep oh we're going to do this but if i
just would trust
other people to be there with me then it
wouldn't be that way so now we come full
circle john
why is it hard for you to put trust in
other people
yeah so this is why we don't blame you
right like this is why it's unfair for
you to blame yourself
because like there's a damn good reason
in fact there are hundreds if not
thousands of instances
where you learned that you can't trust
other people
yeah they can't be relied on if she
cheats once
what's she gonna do you'll do it again
absolutely yep
jesus i'm like currently in my head
like playing every scenario where i'm
just like nah [ __ ] i'll just do
everything
yep i gotta stop that [ __ ]
be careful okay yeah of course so do you
wanna stop
yes be compassionate towards yourself
be patient with yourself you can't undo
28 years of programming
overnight just because you understand
what the problem is
right because like along with uh i just
i just got to do this [ __ ] myself
there's also the like like just think
about how hard it's going to be to like
not do that yep i'm not even kevin i'm
not even kidding with you dr k
uh for world of warcraft from vanilla
to i think i quit in the legion i was
the guild master
and raid leader of every single guild
i've ever been a part of and that was
even a myth because i was just like i
[ __ ] nobody's gonna do it better than
me i might as well just [ __ ] do
everything
yep this this has been ingrained in me
okay yep
because at first because at first i was
like oh yo i'm [ __ ] sick look at all
this [ __ ] that i'm [ __ ] doing
and then i realized oh it's i shouldn't
have done this i should just trust other
people to help me there when i need the
help it's going to be a slow process
yep you're gonna have to learn how to
tolerate a lot of like internal
discomfort in order to trust other
people
yeah right it kind of goes back to like
i can't
i can't bear to see my friends hurt
again
so that that's where like you got to
trust your friend
to make the right decision for himself
so it's going to require a lot of
tolerance on your part patience
tolerance and compassion for yourself
for them for
everyone in the universe yeah
and that may be tough because i don't
know that you were taught
how to like do that by your home
situation
yeah right what you were taught is like
survival of the fittest and the only
person you can rely on is yourself
yep yeah even even thinking about what
i'm having gonna have to do over the
next couple weeks months years is
is i can already feel like the
uneasiness of my stomach
but i do think well i know that it's for
the best
so i i will i'm gonna give it my
good old college try good that's cause
that's gonna be brutal yeah so
i don't think it's going to be quite as
bad as you think it is
because that's your that's your black
and white mind
telling you it's going to be brutal all
over again there are a couple of
different things here one is your black
and white mind but that's that's okay
like john like you're you're a good dude
and like as long as you care and just be
like patient with yourself like you'll
get there
you know like you'll get there bro
i mean i hope that would be that would
be pretty damn awesome
good i think hoping is the right thing
to do it may not happen actually
but like have faith in yourself you know
i've got faith in you
thank you i appreciate that
yeah thank you for this
hello i really appreciate this welcome
john
you'd think they'd teach you this you
know in school
over the the powerhouse of the cell is
the mitochondria
like teaching you some like
useful [ __ ] would be pretty nice oh
god
yeah so that's that's our mission right
is to teach people the stuff
and so what i want you to think about
john for a second is like you came on
here
you know you took a you took a few licks
from me
yeah yeah and so what you've managed to
do today is like
teach a bunch of people that are
watching
because you're not the only one my
friend a lot of people in our community
gravitate towards the lure of video
games because they do come from broken
homes
and it's what they love right it's like
it's like a place where
you know like this community can be like
really supportive it can be toxic but
can also be really supportive
this is sort of like like i i sometimes
feel like twitch has become the family
for people who like didn't have good
families growing up
yep i agree the donations and the
messages i get where they're just like
oh hey you know had a really shitty day
but i can always turn on this stream and
have a good time i'm just like
[ __ ] i love that but also i wish that
wasn't the case for you
yep that's actually a good
that's that's the way you want your mind
to work right you accept their
perspective and you can hope for
something else it's good it's a very
healthy dialectic just
it's like when you hold two contrary
thoughts that
together at the same time so it's not
black and white thinking what you just
did there
does that make sense yes yes it's like
it's good but it's also bad and that
yep right so that's not black and white
yeah
perfect exactly so i i think uh john the
more that your mind starts
starts operating that way the better
your relationships will become
i 1 billion percent agree right because
then it's like your girlfriend cheated
on you that's bad
and there's like there's still something
keeping you in the relationship
so the more that you understand that
kind of stuff the more that you're able
to like
meet people halfway bizarrely the other
interesting
thing that'll happen is they'll start
listening to you more too
yeah so when i'm trying to convince
someone or when i'm trying to help
someone get sober
i don't just talk about how bad alcohol
is that's what their partner
does and it causes a divorce what i talk
about
is how good it is and how bad it is
and we we sit on both sides of that
equation
and that's when i really see people make
the like the most change
yeah that's really smart that is very
smart
so it sounds like you meditate a lot
almost every night
for hours can you tell me about that
yeah so i have like this nightly ritual
where like i'll go upstairs
and then uh i'll turn on the water like
on to trickle down from the shower
and like the sound of the water will
like kind of block out the rest of the
noise in my entire house
um and then i'll just be able to sit
there and think about what i can do
to improve myself or or further my
career
or how to repair current relationships
or
what works in me what doesn't and i try
very hard to um
to to figure that out because i took
this course in college called
movement which was like how to make the
body go to a neutral state to where
it just it doesn't feel good but it
feels like nothing and that way your
mind can
like be free to wander and all that
uh i used to do yoga but now i'm way too
lazy for that [ __ ]
uh but yeah for meditation i guess i
i don't know if meditation is the same
thing as self-reflecting at length i
think it is
i think i i wouldn't quite call it that
but i think that there's just
some amount of overlap there oh okay
it sounds like what you're doing is i
would use the word contemplation
that's it yeah contemplation which is a
path of
spiritual growth but yeah
because i i do try to be the best person
i can be like the reason why
i strive so hard to like be successful
and like why i do what i do
is because i've kind of like seen from
the past what i don't want to be and i
think i actually grew more from knowing
what i don't want to be rather than
knowing what i do want to be by what i
want to be i just know what i don't want
to be
um and so then i kind of reflect on
why certain scenarios have happened in
my life and how to prevent those
scenarios from happening again
and sometimes i think i just get a
little bit too lost in the sauce up
there and uh
i might go a little bit overboard with
the analytical because sometimes like
i can like can't go to bed at night
unless i play a podcast or something
so that way because when i hear other
voices my brain will go blank
like if i don't have background noise
then my mind is just like
exploding information of like different
scenarios in my head
if that answers your question yeah that
that makes a lot of sense
i think the closest thing that you of
your nightly ritual which
sounds very healthy don't get me wrong
um is actually the listening to the
water trickle
that's i would say the thing that sounds
the most like meditation to me
okay so before the thought process
starts it sounds like you do a
particular practice to empty your mind
and once it's empty then you can point
it in a particular direction and it can
productively work
in that direction that is exactly it yes
so so i'd say the meditation process is
is really that first part gotcha
and and it's sort of focusing on that do
you um
i'm curious do you want to learn like a
more formal technique
um i think i think i know the one that
you're talking
it's the it's the nose one right that
one is do you know what i'm talking
about
yeah i mean i could teach you that one
but i'm just curious about whether you
want to learn something today
and it's not i would love to i was gonna
say i i remember the first time you ever
showed that technique
um i can't do that because i can only
breathe out of one nostril
so i wanted to do that one that you
showed i can't remember how it went but
that is one that i wish i could do but i
can't because only my left nostril works
not my right one
um yeah so i would say uh
let me just think for a second about
what to teach you
sure he said i know breathing is a big
part of everything and uh i do have
breathing issues
so that's always you sound kind of
stuffed up right now
yeah that's how i always sound which
sucks
uh what are your bowel movements like
uh before terrible like terrible
like i used to go like once every three
four days
uh but now i'm going like twice a day so
like i'm trying to really take care of
myself currently so they're pretty good
you go twice a day and how what's the
consistency of them
you know i mean they're pretty good i
mean not like
loose or hard or anything like that no
just good
once in the morning once before i go to
bed and you have allergies
just meant only meant but you're stuffed
up all the time
yeah what's your diet like
like what you have for a breakfast lunch
dinner yesterday or would you eat
yesterday
so i was 300 pounds at the beginning of
this year
i am now 276. i've changed my diet quite
drastically because before it was just
mcdonald's popeyes just junk food
but now when i wake up i have one apple
with peanut butter
uh and that holds me over till lunch and
then for lunch i'll generally have a
foot long sub from subway
and then at night i'll have uh one
chicken breast
with like one green pepper and then a
bed of rice
and that's pretty much what i eat every
single day
so i think your your nasal stuff will
get better depending on your diet
okay um let me just think a little bit
about
this for a second could i have 30
seconds
yeah okay real quick
a chat
you know what the hardest part about
streaming is
like with interviews is that i don't get
to read chat
so you know there's an interesting um
sort of like diagnostic concept from
ayurveda
that involves like toxin production
and um i think that's i've seen a lot of
like progress with like people who
really clean up their diet especially
with like upper respiratory like nasal
crap
i i don't know exactly how that works
and stuff have you seen like a doctor
about your
your nose always being stuffy uh i
haven't been to the doctor in about 10
years
um i got blood work done two days ago
which was terrifying because my wife
passed out 10 minutes after her blood
work
which i caught her as she was falling to
the ground it was terrifying
that's what freaked me because that was
the first time i ever thought that my
wife was dying
god it [ __ ] me up and that's the
reason why i'm still a little bit [ __ ]
up from it
um but i so when i was
17 18 i decided that i needed to get
away from my family
um and i just moved to canada and after
about a decade of being up here like
now my citizenship has like it's
it's they've accepted my application but
they haven't confirmed whether i've made
it or not so
until i get accepted or not is when i
will go to the doctor but before that i
was not able to
i would definitely recommend that you go
see a doctor and just you know get your
especially your nasal stuff checked out
man
yeah i agree but in terms of uh
meditation so like
it seems to me like you actually would
do well with something called the
pratyahara technique
so pratyahara means sensory withdrawal
so like essentially most of the speed of
the flow of our thoughts
is affected by our senses so the more
that our sensory
energy is dispersed the more chaotic our
mind will be
so if you kind of think about like a
light bulb that
is shining light in like a thousand
directions
versus a flashlight which is like
shining it in one direction with some
mirrors
versus like a laser beam which is like
highly highly concentrated
so like the process of getting our mind
from being diffuse and
all over the place this also has to do
with things like motivation for example
because if you think about someone who's
not motivated the reason they're it's
not that they're not motivated it's that
their
motivational energy is diffused in a
thousand directions
and we call that not motivated so
instead if we think about you know our
we have a certain amount of cognitive
energy that when dispersed
over a thousand directions we call
motivation
i mean sorry a lack of motivation and
then as we concentrate the energy of our
mind as we turn from a light bulb to a
flashlight
and then ultimately from a flashlight to
a laser beam so if we talk
you know if we think about like casual
law players versus
pro players they both actually may play
for
10 hours a day but what's the difference
it has to do with their focus
right um so so the fact that you sort of
like the the technique that you talk
about in terms of the listening to the
water trickle
is actually like a pratyahara technique
because it sounds like what you do is
you
you you put your attention on one thing
and it blocks out all of the other
things
and then as you block out all of the
other stuff your mind kind of gets
cleaned out and then you can engage in
some really
like fruitful contemplation does that
make sense
yes it does so what i would recommend to
use also because breathing is hard
um is a breath yahara technique that's
probably based on sound so what i would
ask you to do in terms of like a
meditation is to concentrate
on a particular sound how do you feel
about that
that sounds fantastic if there's
something i can do to kind of calm my
mind down that sounds like a great thing
that i would like to do
so when you wear headphones
and no one is talking what do you hear
uh it feels like somebody is muffling my
ears with like
cotton balls okay and so if if you're
if the sound from the outside is muffled
out
can you hear sounds from within your
body more clearly
sound from the outside is blocked out
can i hear sounds inside of my body
really i would say yes
okay so what we're going to do is sit up
straight
okay
okay okay and now what i'm going to ask
you to do is close your eyes
the first thing that i want you to
notice is the sound of your breath
just concentrate on that sound for a
second try to detect as much as you can
sort of notice the pitch
and now what i want you to do is listen
for the sound of your heartbeat
or even feel it if that's easier
are you able to find something yeah
tell me what you found
uh
i noticed that i'm not thinking about
literally anything else
okay
i hate the fact that i'm a mouth
breather i know that
uh i wish i could breathe my nose that's
okay
yeah and uh my heartbeat it's a lot
fainter than what i remember i used to i
i always thought it was super loud
okay powerful but it's actually quite
it's actually quite quiet
which i wasn't expecting okay so
listen carefully for it
the other thing that i want you to
appreciate john
is that all heartbeats are by definition
co-op can you can you hear the
co-op-ness of your heartbeat
is it like the buddha dump can you hear
that
i i feel like i can but i can't tell if
it's my mind telling me that i know that
it's gonna sound like that
or if i am hearing it it's very hard to
differentiate it
okay good so that means you're doing the
practice right
so meditation is about evolving your
subtle awareness
and this is what i will tell you when
you can securely
and confidently feel the co-op-ness of
the heartbeat
your relationships will improve
right now all you hear is one sound
you know there should be two but as you
get better at this practice and as you
hear
both parts of the sound as you start to
hear the dance
as you start to hear the duality of it
as you sit with that kind of i know
we're talking about like
understanding lane pressure now so it's
going to be abstract and cannot be
transmitted
it's not something i can teach you but
it's only it's something that can only
be understood
so as you listen for it if you do this
practice for a while and you begin to
actually be able to hear the concert
of two sounds your relationships will
start to get better as well
okay so listen
it's a pratyahara practice so pratyahara
means sensory deprivation that's
or sensory withdrawal it's a class of
practices
i don't know that this particular
practice has a name because i sort of
made it up just now okay that's good to
me
yeah right so there are a couple of
different levels on which this practice
works it also has to do with the anahat
chakra
so the anahat chakra is the heart chakra
and generally speaking people who have
trouble with like compassion
and things like that doing heart
oriented practices seems to work
okay um there's another set of practices
which are
specifically geared towards improving
relationships but i don't
i think that you don't actually need to
improve relationships this is like more
internal you need to be able to see the
other person in the relationship
and right now it's almost like iconic
that when you do this practice you know
what should be there but you can only
see one dimension of it
okay and so you need to be able to see
both of those and that this practice
will help you subtly detect that
okay okay
oh yeah my bad with my cat sending you
messages right now she was sitting on
the keyboard while my eyes are closed i
didn't notice
it's fine okay um
any any last thoughts or questions
before we wrap up for the day
uh i i think i am now a lot better than
where i was this morning so i think i'm
i think i'm i wanna i wanna be able to
absorb all this
before i try to take on anything else so
i think i'm absolutely great
okay fantastic i'm i'm really happy to
hear that that's why we're here
so thanks for coming today do you wanna
just tell people a little bit about
where they can find you if they're
interested in watching your streams and
stuff
oh just twitch.dv forward slash tech
tone
t-e-c-t-o-n-e right and you it sounds
like you do most
mostly gaming and like particular games
or most against you know
what i i do uh variety i do some games
and uh
mainly it's just building my chat just
trying to make sure my chat's good i do
a lot of checking my chats and try to
listen to their problems and see if i
can give any advice
that's awesome what i try to do because
my computer means everything
awesome man well thank you so much for
coming and good luck
with everything you know be careful
about the self-judgment be patient
and make space for other people man
you're lifting too much for too long
yeah i will try to relax
in a lot of aspects of life
yeah all right take care man you too
thank you so much
you're welcome bye bye
yeah seems like a good dude